laugh: Action taken as a result of happiness.
voyage: The name given to round trips between countries or cities.
travel: Go from one place to another.
car: A vehicle used to drive from place to place.
door: Is the item at the entrance of a building, room or house.
location: A place where we have been or described.
company: Place of work.
sit: Not standing, staying in the place where it settled.
cloth: Woven or felted fabric made from cotton or similar things.
shoes: The clothes we wear on our feet when going out.
mark: Symptom, sign.
less: Missing than usual.
contain: Include.
catch: Capture an escaping person or animal.
easy: Achieved without great effort.
ocean: The water larger than sea.
war: Armed action initiated by two opposing views.
increase: Become or make greater in size or amount.
chance: Possibility of something happening.
letter: Written paper for communication.
cold: Low temperature.
floor: Ground.
moon: The natural satellite of the earth.
rose: A kind of flower with various colors.
verb: Predicate.
bite: Squeezing a substance between the teeth.
part: It means that things leaves a whole.
consonant: Not vowel letters in the alphabet.
speak: Talking about something.
tend: The tendency to love, to do or to want something.
relation: The link between multiple things.
good: Fine.
create: To create something new by making use of the mind.
triangle: Geometric shape formed by three line segments.
old: Chemical element and precious metal.
farmer: Who earns their living by cultivating the land.
country: Place under the sovereignty of a state.
football: A game played on the field with two teams and a ball.
kind: The section that includes all individuals with common characteristics, where the sexes are seperated.
goal: The desired result in something.
calculate: To make the account.
century: The time lived in.
milk: A white beverage made from cow, sheep or goat.
egg: A white food from chickens.
year: Is the time when the earth turns around a round of the sun.
cost: Require the payment before it can be done.
call: Conversation by phone.
like: Good and beautiful things.
treatment: There are several ways to cure a disease.
shape: Form, manner.
first: Leading from others in terms of time, order and place.
government: People with the authority to govern a country or state.
correct: In accordance with fact or truth.
telephone: A communication tool.
factory: Buildings where goods are manufactured.
run: Walk fast.
change: Make different.
true: Not lie, right and correct.
fly: A feature that belongs to birds and an inanimate being.
physical: Generally related to nature, organism.
poor: Not rich.
cotton: A white plant in a cocoon.
fear: Worry.
mountain: It refers to the height with protruding, high and inclined slopes of the earth’s crust.
enter: Go into.
close: Shut down, turn off.
discover: It refers to things that are not learned about their existence, but which are learned later.
think: Building mental abilities.
message: Information to be conveyed.
cut: Make an opening or wound with a sharp tool.
left: West side of people facing North.
fruit: Edible part of the trees.
place: Current location.
finger: Parts attached to the hands.
world: The earth we live in.
ring: Sound.
right: Morally good- true or correct as a fact.
school: An institution for educating children.
idea: A suggestion or thought.
best: Qualitively the most admirable level.
repair: Fix something that is corrupt and outdated and make it work.
face: The front part of the person’s head.
can: Be able to.
ice: Frozen water.
promise: Say it will do it for sure.
snore: Making strange noises while breathing during sleep.
edge: The outside limit of an object, area or surface.
observe: Notice something and register it as being significant.
paint: Covering the surface of something.
explain: To give information about a subject.
minute: Time value of one- sixty of the hour.
capital: Important cirt, the administrative center of the state.
corner: A place where two sides meet.
food: Things that enable us to feed to survive.
never: At no time in the past or future.
child: A young human being.
fast: Quickly.
train: Give information to students.
nose: An organ on our face that helps us smell.
money: Current exhange of coins.
behind: Means not ahead.
baby: The name given to individuals aged  years.
farm: It is a large land that is cultivated on.
refund: To give back the return of a received property.
far: Requiring a long way to go.
today: Before tomorrow, the day after yesterday.
city: Town, place.
exercise: It means training and practice.
president: Being at the head of a community, organization or group means managing.
fight: Take a part in a violent struggle.
ask: To direct those who are curious about a subject.
night: The time from sunset to dawn.
height: Weighning more than normal in the scale.
open: Allowing Access throught empty space not closed.
wall: The partition that seperates the interior parts of the buildings.
forest: A large area covered with trees.
famous: Known about by many people.
limit: The last limit that something can reach in terms of quantity.
history: Telling about the events that took place in the past by giving the date and place.
thin: Slender, fine.
new: Discovered recently.
room: Space that can be occupied.
adjective: Defines the words characterized the name and it is the word used before the name.
listen: Giving attention to the sound.
experience: To gain skills about a job.
experiment: Scientific verification.
extra: Addition.
plane: This word has two meanings. It refers to a flat and uneven area and also means a plane which is a means of transportation.
list: A number of connected items or names written.
fresh: Recently made.
last: Remaining- continue for a specifired period of time.
decrease: Reduce.
clean: Not dirty.
picture: A painting or drawing.
law: Compulsory rules.
large: Relatively great capacity or size.
choose: Seperating the desired from many options.
report: Article containing thoughts and determinations about a subject.
language: The way people communicate to Express their feelings and thoughts.
friend: A person with whom one has a bond of mutual affection.
bright: Reflecting much light.
every: One by one gives meaning.
student: The name given to people who g oto school anda re trained by teachers.
necessary: Wherewithal, necessity.
cause: One job leads to another job.
northern: Name given to the inhabitants of the North.
assistant: In an effort; the person who helps the person doing the work.
result: Another event caused by an event.
church: Holy place of christians.
known: Common, celebrated, kenned.
guess: Based on reason and some data, intuition about an event or situation.
rent: Giving one property to someone else for a certain price.
level: Degree, grade.
cast: Shep and spill.
exciting: Alive and emotionalistic.
quiet: Making little noise or no noise.
natural: In nature, related to nature.
big: Above avarage.
mean: Explanations of concepts.
difficult: Means not easy, made with trouble and difficulty.
during: As long as it lasts.
carefully: Exactingly.
risk: To continue to the end despite the possible bad consequences of a job.
exhibition: Show, introduce.
break: Seperate into pieces as a result.
again: Repeating a topic or situation periodically.
play: It is an action used in conjunction with activities such as a sport, a computer game or dancing with music.
dark: A place without light.
umbrella: Tool used to protect from rain and sun.
salary: Fee for a job done.
lie: Being in a resting position intentionally false statement.
father: A man had a child.
gun: A tool used attack or defend.
use: To benefit for a certain purpose.
address: Where someone will be found when called.
date: Number indicating the day of an event.
second: Coming after the first in time or order sixtieth of a minute of time.
education: Training in schools or elsewhere.
resent: Getting angry with someone for a situation.
dentist: The doctor we go to fort he health of our teeth.
eye: Organs of sight.
across: Standing directly against an individual or an object.
find: Discover by chance or unexpectedly.
follow: Go in a certain direction.
branch: faculty, subject.
illness: Disorder that occurs in the structure and functioning of the organism.
leave: Go away from.
ance: Move rhythmically to music.
need: Requirement and demand.
say: Utter words to convey information.
unhealthy: Not in good health.
region: Piece of land with boundaries specified.
question: A sentence worded or expressed so as to elicit information.
brother: A mano r boy in a relation to other sons and daughter of his parents.
artist: Person who deals with fine arts.
past: Gone by in time.
accept: Acknowledge.
option: To get the most attractive to us among one or more things.
often: It means that it is constantly ongoing.
finally: After a long time.
lady: Ms.
moment: A very brief period of time.
delicious: Good taste of a food.
box: A container with a flat base and sides.
huge: Hover over something.
design: Decorating a certain group of items, objects or subjects according to a certain order.
object: Material can be seen or touch.
advantage: Positive aspects of a situation or event.
push: Exert force on somebody/ something to move them away.
heavy: Means its weight is more than normal.
east: The direction on the right hand of people facing North.
equipment: Tools needed for a business or organization.
trust: Do not doubt someone.
wonderful: Very good, unique.
swim: Propel the body through water using bodily movement.
hour: A time period of sixty minutes, equal to twenty- four of a day’s duration.
effect: A resul tor consequences of an action.
know: 
no: Refuse.
read: To learn the content of a written text and what it says.
fire: Ingite.
family: A group of one or two parents and their kids.
except: Which is outside of something.
fun: Spend a joyful and pleasant time.
birthday: The day the person was born.
flower: The colored part of a plant carries its reproductive organs.
but: But between two seperate sentences with contrast between the stated thoughts.
exclaim: Shouting loud in the face of a terrible or surprising situation.
yesterday: The day before today.
hat: A kind of head-mounted accessory.
garden: Where there are various flowers and plants.
cry: Shed tears.
wallet: An accessory in which things like Money and identity are placed.
eat: Put the food in the mouth and chew and swallow it.
course: Training place on various subjects.
control: To check.
bed: Articles used for sleeping.
draw: Drawing a line, painting a thing.
store: Great shops.
accident: Bad event causing loss of life or property.
cloud: A visible mass of condensed watery vapour floating.
college: Name given to some school.
abolish: Cancel, repeal or abrogate.
arm: The section from the shoulder to the tip of the fingers.
television: Device where sounds and images are detected.
emergency: What needs to be done without losing time.
discount: Sale on the price of a good.
knowledge: Things learned or taught about a topic.
depress: Not feeling well due to a bad event.
yard: Garden.
because: Used when describing the cause of an event or situation.
help: Not being able to do one job alone and ask for support from someone else.
ache: Bad situation felt after a coup.
love: Connecting to someone or someone with love.
join: Participate, attend, go in for.
teenager: Not yet married, young.
determine: To determine the specific features of a concept by explaining.
shock: Experiencing an astonishing event.
win: Ensuring a positive and good result.
team: Group.
stop: Ending the movement of an individual and thing in motion.
taste: To perceive the taste of what we eat with mouth, one of five sense organs.
island: It is called a piece of land surrounded by sea on all four sides.
bird: A flying animal with wings and beak.
apply: Validating a situation in something as it is.
teacher: The person who teaches student to school.
growth: Human develop in the period from birth to death.
profit: Money earned by shopping affairs.
each: Identified seperately.
husband: A man married a woman.
suggest: To recommend an opinion, wishing to be accepted.
single: Who are not married yet.
manage: The administer.
great: A complete and wonderful job or situation.
heart: The organ located in the thoracic cavity between the two lungs.
fake: Something that is made by analogy with the original of something, is not real.
burn: To ignite.
reason: Cause.
benefit: Conveniently useful.
class: Room in which the lesson is taught.
before: First.
young: Who is out of childhood.
vacation: Short break to work or school.
social: Communal, societal.
dress: Clothing made to wear.
early: Happening or done before the expected time.
full: Complete, whole, overall.
description: Imagery and portrayal.
bicycle: Two wheeled vehicle powered by the rear Wheel.
end: Get through.
direction: Line followed by a person or object.
role: The task that falls on a person at work.
smile: Forming into pleased.
write: Putting thoughts on paper wtih letters.
wife: It is called a woman that a man marries.
product: Refers to substance derived from soil, plants, animals etc.
rich: Not poor.
explore: Trying to learn the unknown or hidden aspects of something.
success: Means a job overcome.
approve: Accepting a job as appropriate.
sleepy: Couldn’t get sleep stil.
ball: A round- shaped instrument for playing various games.
delay: To transfer a job later.
yes: Is the word of approval gşven in response to questions.
tired: Being sluggish due to a certain or activity.
disadvantage: Expresses the negative sides of a situation.
traffic: All pedestrians and vehicles on the roads.
glass: Drinking containers.
married: The marriage of a woman and a man with a ceremony.
chief: A leader of people.
soft: Not solid and hard things.
with: Conjunction reporting affiliation.
silent: Not making any sound.
method: Procedure, way.
fable: Fairy tale.
skill: To ability.
current: Belonging to the present time.
factors: Circumstance or fact that contributes to a result.
crowd: Large number of people gathered together.
ugly: Not beautiful.
transport: It means that transfer.
poem: The way emotions and thoughts Express witout being in the form of prose.
climb: Go to a high place.
relax: Feeling relieved.
produce: Reproduce.
wait: Give some time.
center: Middle of a certain place.
waiter: In some business serving customers.
come: Move towards near to the speaker.
home: The structure in which people live.
difference: With a distinction between them.
village: Small settlement.
important: Great significance or value.
employee: People working and producing in certain institutions.
middle: The place that is equidistant between the two ends of something.
dry: Without water, moisture.
live: Remain alive- survive.
competition: Race between people doing the same job.
smell: Smell perceived by the nose, one of our five sense organs.
boast: It is a state of seeing itself because of a prominent feature.
stroke: Paralysis.
move: Displacement event.
example: What is taken to be similar.
week: Called the period of seven days.
mistake: Wrong or unintentional .
blood: Vital fluid.
miss: The desire to see something he/she likes or someone.
happy: Feeling joy in the face of a pleasing situation.
mind: Means the ability to think, absorb and understand.
evening: The hours when the day ends and the night starts.
include: Contains as parts of a whole.
fall: Act of falling or collapsing.
summer: One of the four seasons, the hosttest.
enough: Sufficient, adequate.
kill: To end someone’s life.
copy: A thing made to be similar.
sleep: Natural resting state.
agenda: Highlight of the day.
term: Word with a special meaning on a topic.
stress: Anxiety about a troubled situation.
provide: To perform a job by preparing the necessary conditions.
mouth: The lower and upper lip part of a cavity.
gender: Seperation of reproductive individuals as male and female.
both: Refer to two people or things.
name: A person, an animal, a plant, a place, an emotion and thought etc. the word that helps us recognize things.
drive: Means driving vehicles such as cars.
paper: Material that is for writing or drawing.
light: Not dark.
below: The part of something that is close to the ground.
between: Is the situation between two things.
hear: Sensing sounds with the senses tool.
fine: High quality good.
try: Testing an object or thought.
wound: Wounding with a weapon or similar tool.
hot: A substance is above its normal temperature.
decide: To decide on a matter or a problem, to a conclusion.
tall: Something is longer than normal.
unemployment: Inability to find a job tol ive on.
rate: The speed at which something changes and happens
boy: Male child.
problem: Trouble, issue.
doctor: Profession for treating people who are sick.
month: Each of the twelve named periods into year.
enjoy: Indulge, take pleasure.
appear: The eyes and mind first perceive when looking at something.
same: Things that resemble the features.
high: Which is the distance between the top and bottom.
noun: Name.
among: Being between two subjects or objects.
game: Is fun for people to have a good time.
apple: It is a kind of fruit that grows in the tree with red, green and yellow colors.
sentence: Statement.
describe: Identifying a particular situation, object or person.
pay: Giving Money that is due for work done.
possible: Possinle situation, not impossible.
man: The breed that will fertilize the female of humans, animals or plants.
square: A geometric shape whose four sides are equal.
measure: Unit used to evaluate a quantity.
plan: Organizing, planning about a situation or event.
sister: A woman or girl in relation to toher daughters or sons of her parents.
basketball: A kind of sport played by two teams and trying to circulate a ball belonging to the game.
earth: The planet which we live.
deal: To reach a common decision on a certain subject.
plant: Growing a plant.
map: It is a drawing a part of the earth on a plane by reducing it with a certain scale.
plural: Anti singular. When talking about the multiplicity of an objecti it is a pluralization of a special addition to the word.
industry: Industrial.
certain: Able to firmly relied on to happen.
little: Small size or amount.
build: Integrate.
member: Means joining a group or a team.
damage: Do evil.
send: Convey something to someone.
dictionary: A book containing words and their meanings.
form: Visible shape of something.
later: Near future.
board: Flat piece of wood or other hard material used for floors or buildings.
detail: To consider the details of a whole.
please: Asking someone to do something or to ask for want something.
hope: It means hoping for a job.
heat: The temperature of something high.
answer: Responding to a situation or a question, responding to things that are curious.
learn: Obtain information.
page: Paper in a book.
hunting: Catching animals in the forest.
force: Strength as an attribute of physical action.
dead: The end of a person’s life.
begin: To take the first step for a job or an action.
group: It is the community that holds more than  objects or people in the same place.
equal: On a par with each other.
berry: Fruits such as strawbeeries, cherries.
compare: To reveal similar or different aspects of people or objects.
street: Big road where small roads meet in the city.
life: The time from birth to death.
distance: There is a certain distance between the two things.
information: Facts provided or learned about something.
remember: Not forgetting something known.
could: The third version of the word can.
request: Want something politely.
grass: Green areas, usually in gardens and parks.
key: Tool for unlocking.
feel: Sense.
mother: Woman with a child.
meet: To introduce themselves in the first meeting of two people.
interest: Working on a subject means trying.
practice: Is about action and practice, which is easy to appley.
book: Written or printed pages glues together.
record: Register.
absurd: It is called nonsense.
continue: Keep a situation going.
prepare: To make use of something, to be used, to be applied.
about: Using when talking about a topic or something.
action: To be in certain action, movement and activity.
deep: The area from the surface to the inside, the depth.
table: Square board supported by feet, with various jobs.
task: The action expected of a person himself.
responsibility: The task that someone takes on, has to do.
morning: The period between the night and noon.
buy: Getting something for Money.
beautiful: Perceived as pleasant in appearance.
bee: An animal that produces honey.
circle: Spherical.
repeat: To do or say once more.
develop: A situation getting better.
matter: What is being talked about.
complete: To remove the deficiency and bring it to the whole state.
understand: Comprehend.
girl: Female child.
choke: Stay stuffy for any reason.
hard: Not easy, troublesome.
panic: Strong fear about a subject.
rule: Law to obey.
free: Not under the control.
lost: Not being able to find a sought object. Striving to find.
bad: Not good results and conditions.
day: It is a  hour zone created by the rotation of the world around its own axis.
target: Goal.
case: Asserted thought.
advice: Counsel, warning.
common: Occuring or done often prevalent.
want: To request something from someone.
speed: Quickness, to go above a certain speed.
race: Competition to see which is the fastest.
visit: Go seeing a place or a person.
feedback: Back indication, provide feedback.
hair: The whole of hairs on our heads.
toy: Tools for children to play.
by way of.: Go into.
melody: Pleasant sound.
loud: It refers to the higher of the normal sound decibel.
check: Examine something in order to determine its accuracy.
lake: Small puddle.
sometimes: Now and then.
quickly: Rapidly, at a fast speed.
cook: Prepare food.
king: Head of state.
